Articles of Incorporation
Ontario Not-for-Profit Corporations Act (ONCA)
1. Name of the Corporation
RedHead Industries
2. Corporation Type
The corporation is a not-for-profit corporation without share capital.
3. Purposes of the Corporation
The corporation is organized exclusively for non-profit purposes.

The purposes of the corporation are:

To operate on a non-profit basis to support the development, promotion, and dissemination of free and open-source software, privacy-respecting digital tools, community-driven technology initiatives, and open research activities intended to benefit the public.
4. Special Provisions / Restrictions
1. The corporation shall be carried on without the purpose of gain for its members, directors, or officers.
2. Any profits or other accretions to the corporation shall be used solely to promote the purposes of the corporation.
3. No part of the corporation's income shall be payable to or otherwise available for the personal benefit of any member, director, or officer, except as permitted under the Ontario Not-for-Profit Corporations Act.
5. Distribution of Property on Dissolution
In the event of dissolution of the corporation, and after payment of all liabilities, the remaining property of the corporation shall be distributed to one or more non-profit organizations or charities with purposes similar to those of the corporation, as determined by the directors at the time of dissolution, and in accordance with the Ontario Not-for-Profit Corporations Act.
6. Number of Directors
The corporation shall have a minimum of one (1) director and a maximum of one (1) director.
7. First Director
Name: Matthew DaLuz
Address: 21 Greenaway Avenue, Hamilton, Ontario, Canada. - L8L 6C3.
8. Membership Structure
The corporation may have one or more classes of members, or may operate with a single member, as set out in the corporation's bylaws.
9. Incorporator
Name: Matthew DaLuz
Address: 21 Greenaway Avenue, Hamilton, Ontario, Canada. - L8L 6C3.
Signature: Matthew DaLuz
Date: January 8th, 2026. - 1:00 PM Eastern Time.
